third glass tonight put it on my tab you
drinkin too remember
forget giving a [ __ ] won't get you a
better tip can't help my Highway
my whole family was killed in a car
accident someone did horrific
experiments on me I know this super
vigilante [ __ ] keeps coming at me
do you know Captain America
I want to absorb alias investigations
you don't want me you just want to
eliminate the competition
I never take no for an answer how rapey
of you
something happened behind these doors I
have 17 years of questions and they are
deep just knowing what was done to you
might help you we were made here me and
something else the only way to find it
is to open the door wider
[Music]
the powers were side effect how many
others are there like me
let it go there is a killer you cannot
control I didn't ask for any of this
Jessica might not want a sidekick but
she needs one you're not super taking
time
keep telling me who I talk to you
what a face it makes me worse what are
you gonna do I don't know it depends on
if I can get through this night without
losing my [ __ ]
[Music]
today it takes a monster
to stop the monster
what did they do to us like you to stay
one keep you inside
[Music]
you